One important note about this module in this module I will cover angular and angular.
It's not angular one which is now referred to as angular.
Yes but it is angular to four.
And whatever the latest version is because from angler to you on the dangler team switch to just name
it angular instead of angular too.
It will have new versions every six months.
So Angler or became Englad for it in March.
Now it will become angler Fyffe in October and so on.
Now we won't have many breaking changes with each update.
So that is why if you watched this even if Angle 5 is out you still learn English here you still learn
the basics.
It won't change fundamentally with that.
Let's dive into it.